---
cover: /articles/self-host-intro.jpeg
author:
  name: Joshua Avrick
  # avatarUrl: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1042510623962275840/1Iw_Mvud_400x400.jpg
  # link: https://twitter.com/atinux
date: 2024-01-10
layout: article
---

# Self-Hosting A Chrome Extension

Did you know it's possible to self-host a Chrome extension? Don't get too excited, there are *a lot* of caveats.

## Why would you want to do this?

I can only concieve of two reasons you might want to self-host a Chrome extension:
 - You have developed an extension for use in Enterprise organizations, but you don't want or need the extension to be published on the Chrome Web Store.
 - You want to test your extension in a production-like environment without waiting for the Chrome Web Store review process. 


Open a terminal an run the following command:

```bash
npx nuxi@latest init -t themes/alpine
```

## Dependencies

Next, go to to `my-blog/` directory and install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

## Development

Start the development server on port 3000:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Next, you can start creating your content in Markdown in the `content/` directory.


## Deploy

### Static hosting

You can deploy Alpine to any static hosting by running the following command:

```bash
npm run generate
```

This command will create a `dist/` directory with the compiled files ready to be uploaded to any static hosting.

### Edge platforms

Alpine supports deploying to the following platforms with **zero configuration**:

- [Vercel](https://vercel.com)
- [Netlify](https://netlify.com)
- [and more...](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/guide/deploy/presets#supported-hosting-providers)

### Node server

You can deploy Alpine to a Node server by running the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This command will create a `.output/` directory with the compiled files ready to be uploaded to any Node server.

To start the production server, run the following command:

```bash
node .output/server/index.mjs
```
